so Facebook have recently released an
update and they've said that their
business pages are going to get a lot
less organic reach well is this
something that you should be worried
about my name is Ben Heath and that's
exactly what I'm going to cover in this
video so I've been getting a lot of
questions about this recent update and
people have asking how is this going to
affect things should I stop advertising
on Facebook and all that sort of stuff
so let me quickly explain what the
update actually is so basically in a
nutshell Facebook have said that
business pages aren't going to get as
much organic reach so their posts are
not going to be put in front of as many
people for free and this of course is
going to affect businesses that rely on
organic so free facebook advertising
traffic so all those pages that put up
these viral videos about cats and people
falling over and things like that
it's they're going to get a lot less
views than they were before this update
but regular business pages weren't
getting much organic traffic before the
update that has been disappearing for
years so I don't think it's going to
affect regular business pages that much
at all if you've watched my previous
videos then you'll know that I strongly
recommend advertising on Facebook I
strongly recommend paying to put your
stuff in front of your target market and
this update is not going to affect
advertisers hardly at all you have to
remember that Facebook make money from
the advertisers so they're not going to
change anything to jeopardize their
advertisers their paying customers
to be honest this update is just a
continuation of what Facebook has been
doing for years anyway over the last
three or four years organic Reach has
been decreasing massively they just
officially come out and said it so to
summarize I'm not worried I don't think
you should be worried either provided
that you're paying to promote your stuff
on Facebook the only potential issue
that I could see is that more businesses
start advertising on Facebook as a
result of this update which means that
the price of advertising is going to
increase slightly but to be honest
that's a trend that's also been going on
for years so I don't really think this
going to have much an effect now just
before you go there's something I
quickly want to mention and that's my
five-part Facebook ad template which you
can download right now for free this ad
template includes some of the best
performing ads I've created for a number
of different businesses in a number of
different industries and if you're
looking to advertise on Facebook you
should find this really really useful
you can obviously model from the ads in
the template it should really help
improve
results you're getting from Facebook so
as I said you can download that right
now for free
all you need to do is click on the link
in the video description that'll take
you through to a page on my website and
you will be able to download it there so
best of luck with your Facebook
advertising campaigns guys don't worry
about the recent update and I told you
soon bye bye